README.md, before:

# Movies

Web application with reponsive layout using bootstrap framework. Insert movies to have a tracking of already seen ones.

## Bower Components installation

* Angular-ui-bootstrap (https://github.com/angular-ui/bootstrap-bower)
```sh
$ bower install angular-bootstrap -S
```

* Angular ngResource ()
```sh
$ bower install angular-resource -S
```

* Angular-growl-2 (https://github.com/JanStevens/angular-growl-2)
```sh
$ bower install angular-growl-v2 -S
```

* ng-file-upload (https://github.com/danialfarid/ng-file-upload)
```sh
$ bower install ng-file-upload --save
```

* bootstrap-select (for select boxes) (https://silviomoreto.github.io/bootstrap-select/)
```sh
$ bower install bootstrap-select -S
```

## JSHint

* Installing JSHint globally
```sh
$ npm install -g jshint
```

* Install JSHint as a development dependency
```sh
$ npm install --save-dev jshint
```

## Gulp

* Install gulp globally
```sh
$ npm install --global gulp-cli
```

* Install Gulp as a development dependency
```sh
$ npm install --save-dev gulp
```

Commit message:

Readme update with instructions to download missing files

README.md, after:

# Movies

Web application with reponsive layout using bootstrap framework. Insert movies to have a tracking of already seen ones.

## Missing files

Once the project is downloaded some bower_components and node_modules files are missing because they have been added to "gitignore" file. To download missing files go to the terminal and type the following:
```sh
$ bower install 
$ npm install
```

## Bower Components installation

* Angular-ui-bootstrap (https://github.com/angular-ui/bootstrap-bower)
```sh
$ bower install angular-bootstrap -S
```

* Angular ngResource ()
```sh
$ bower install angular-resource -S
```

* Angular-growl-2 (https://github.com/JanStevens/angular-growl-2)
```sh
$ bower install angular-growl-v2 -S
```

* ng-file-upload (https://github.com/danialfarid/ng-file-upload)
```sh
$ bower install ng-file-upload --save
```

* bootstrap-select (for select boxes) (https://silviomoreto.github.io/bootstrap-select/)
```sh
$ bower install bootstrap-select -S
```

## JSHint

* Installing JSHint globally
```sh
$ npm install -g jshint
```

* Install JSHint as a development dependency
```sh
$ npm install --save-dev jshint
```

## Gulp

* Install gulp globally
```sh
$ npm install --global gulp-cli
```

* Install Gulp as a development dependency
```sh
$ npm install --save-dev gulp
```
